♪ Baa. baa. black sheep ♪
♪ Have you any wool? ♪
♪ Yes. sir. yes. sir.
three bags full ♪
♪ One for the master.
one for the dame ♪
♪ One for the little boy
who lives down the lane ♪
♪ Baa. baa. black sheep.
have you any wool? ♪
♪ Yes. sir. yes. sir.
three bags full ♪
Oh. hello?
Hey.
Hello?
-Hello?
-H-H-Hello?
Hello?
"Hello?"
Okay. wait a sec.
Just a sec. Hold on.
Sorry. Sorry. One sec.
Um. how's your mom?
Uh. same.
Yeah. She hasn't
eaten in two days. and...
-I'm sorry. Evy.
-Yeah.
How are you holding up?
Um...
I don't know.
I kinda just. um.
want it to be over.
Is that bad to say?
No. no.
That's...
Yeah. I understand it. Yeah.
Just wanna get out of here.
too. to be honest.
What about Darren?
Like. where is he at?
Is he helping out at all?
- Uh. no. Not really.
- Okay.
What's his number?
Like. can you text it to me?
'Cause I need
to call this guy.
He needs to step up.
He can barely take care
of himself. I don't even...
Well. at least
drop off some food. you know?
If he answers his phone.
I should have listened to you
a year ago. I know.
You know.
I hate to say "I told you so."
but... I told you so.
How's you and Deb?
Uh. good. Yeah.
We're good. We're thinking of
-getting a cat. actually.
-Wow.
- Look at you.
- Yeah.
Wait. I know what you need.
A lobotomy.
No.
A Waterloo
-meatball sub.
-Oh. my God.
That's the seventh...
I think you've said that
every day this week.
I guess I just miss it.
Then visit.
It's been. what. ten years?
Uh. five. first of all.
and you're out of town.
remember?
You're going sicko mode
in Punta Cana.
It's a wedding.
Everyone drinks at a wedding.
I told you that.
Okay. well.
you can visit too. you know.
Goes both ways.
I don't know.
I don't really have
any interest in London.
I'd mostly
be going to see you.
Yeah.
You know.
I could take some time off.
Come help you out for a week.
No. No. no. no. Thank you.
Really?
-You sure?
-No. I'm fine. I...
I don't mind.
'cause I could...
-Yeah. no. totally.
- Okay.
-I'm fine. I really am.
-Okay.
We could also
skip this week if you want.
Are you kidding?
This is the only thing
keeping me sane right now.
Okay. 'cause that is so funny.
I was actually thinking
the exact opposite for me.
Like.
some of these stories. man.
frickin' crazy.
If they were true.
You believed in some.
I could tell. okay?
-Like that one caller who...
-This week...
Hold on. That one caller
who was addicted
to playing Ouija board
by herself.
That's because that was true.
You saw the news clip.
A ghost didn't put her
in that water tank.
The poor girl was depressed.
Who knows?
All right? Who knows?
So. what are we
talking about this episode?
You're gonna love this.
I got something juicy for you.
Ooh. do tell.
Uh. let's wait
until we start recording.
'Cause I want to get your
authentic reaction to this.
-Can't wait.
-Okay.
Oh. by the way. there's. like.
new intro and outro music.
I'm gonna use it
for this episode.
Is that... That's cool?
You wanna hear it?
-No. I'll hear it in the edit.
-I'm gonna play it anyway.
Okay. Uh. I'm ready to
start recording when you are.
Welcome to another episode
of The Undertone podcast.
where we talk about
all things creepy.
I'm your in-house skeptic.
Evy Babic.
and I'm joined by my co-host
and Santa Claus believer.
Justin Manuel.
New episodes
every Friday.
anywhere you get
your podcasts.
So. without further ado.
Justin says he has
a real treat for us today.
Tell us what it is. kiddo.
Uh. yeah. sure. "kiddo."
And for the record.
I never believed
in Santa Claus.
Not even when I was
six-years-old. okay?
All my gifts said
"Made in China."
Everyone outsources.
even Santa.
Okay. well. my house
didn't even have a chimney.
So how do you explain that?
Oh. that's easy.
He. um... He crawled in
through your mom's window.
Wait a second.
That explains why I never saw
Dad and Santa together
at those Christmas parties.
Okay. So. in our last episode.
we talked about the mysterious
I Feel Wonderful blog video
that allegedly caused
92 of its viewers
to kill themselves
after watching it.
but not before
slicing off their ears
and mailing them to the
blog website's headquarters
in Palo Alto.
Wait. stop.
Oh. my God. Evy.
-What? It's fake. It's been...
-Stop.
Can you please
just stop it. please?
No. Justin.
it's been debunked.
-Please.
-Okay. fine.
You're no fun.
Did you stop it?
I'm plugging my ears.
-No. it stopped. It stopped.
-Okay. good.
Anyways. as I was saying.
after the last episode.
I was checking
our podcast emails
and got a weird one from
an address I didn't recognize.
Their email was just
a bunch of random letters.
The subject line
was "LOL" in caps.
and get this.
ten audio files attached.
What did the message say?
Okay. it was just
descending letters
and an upside-down
smiley face.
-Send it to me.
-Uh. please?
-Please.
-Okay.
Thanks.
All right. here you go.
Sent.
"Atonement at tenet"?
What does that mean?
Yeah. that... Beats me.
Hmm. weird.
Looks like a kid sent this.
I know. right?
Bet it's a virus.
Okay. that's
what I thought. too.
but then I said. "Screw it."
and I actually
clicked the first file.
Brave.
What happened?
It was a phone recording
from a young couple.
and I listened for a bit.
And then I decided. you know.
save it for the podcast.
and we can play
all ten of them together
-and listen live.
-Done.
Yeah. save it for the pod.
But first. let me put on
my logic and sanity hat.
Ooh. right.
The one I got you?
All right.
So. from what I gather.
the girlfriend's name
is Jessa.
and I haven't heard
the boyfriend's name yet.
But let's have a listen
to the whole file.
Okay? You ready?
-Ready.
-File number one.
Here we go.
Um. so. Jessa
has been
talking in her sleep...
pretty much every night.
Um. but she doesn't
believe me.
So I'm going to record her.
I do not talk
in my sleep.
You are talking right now...
...when you should be
going to sleep.
I... I can't sleep
with that thing on.
There.
Let me see.
- It's still recording!
- No. it's not.
You're such a liar.
Babe. come on.
I have an early morning.
Let's...
Let's get some sleep.
- Good night. baba.
- Good night. ba.
Can you just...
Can you
tickle my head a little?
Sure.
You know.
I see a little bump of sound
about four hours in.
Let's skip to that part.
♪ London Bridge
is falling down ♪
♪ Falling down. falling down ♪
♪ London Bridge
is falling down ♪
♪ My fair lady ♪
Well.
I guess that proves it.
She's not only
talking in her sleep.
but singing in it. too.
The file goes on
for a couple more hours.
but there's no big bumps.
So let's play file number two.
So...
Jessa believes me now. and...
Babe.
can you charge my phone?
Oh. sure.
- Good night.
- Good night. baba.
Okay.
I'm gonna skip to the bump
in the waveform again.
Jessa?
What are you doing?
Come back to bed.
That's it?
Sleepwalking?
Yeah. Sounds like it.
What was she listening to?
It sounded like London Bridge.
but in reverse.
Yeah.
I thought so. too.
Okay.
Hold on. I think I heard
something else.
Let's play it back.
What are you doing?
Come back to bed.
Uh. I couldn't hear anything.
What did you hear?
Uh. "the killer is out..."
- What?
- "Mike kill..."
♪ Mike kill all
Mike kill all ♪
Listen. I'm gonna
play it again.
Jessa.
- What are you doing?
- ♪ Mike kill all ♪
♪ Mike kill all ♪
- Ah. fuck. Justin!
- Jesus.
Sorry.
-It's fine.
-Well. let's...
Let's get back into character.
Okay.
So. did you hear it?
Hear what?
"Mike kill all."
No. I didn't hear it.
Are you kidding?
It's right there. Evy.
I don't doubt
that you heard it.
but I would just chalk it up
to audio apophenia.
Uh. small words. please. Evy.
You're creating meaning
from random sounds.
Okay. I can clearly
hear the words.
"Mike kill all."
It's a super-old song.
Are you implying there was
hidden messages in it?
Oh. 'cause that's never
happened before.
Let me just search
something up really quick.
Hold on.
Okay. Yeah. see?
Look. found something already.
Eleanor of Provence.
Queen Consort of England
in the Middle Ages.
She financed the construction
of the London Bridge.
and all nine of her children
died in childhood.
She feared that the bridge
would collapse
if she didn't
sacrifice children to it.
So she ordered the builders
to bury orphaned children
alive in the
bridge's foundation.
You really believe
that happened?
Well. she was
the Queen Consort. Evy.
People would have to obey her
if they wanted
to keep their heads.
Justin.
any old children's song
can be interpreted
in messed up ways.
Like "rock-a-bye baby
on the treetop"?
The baby literally falls
to its death in that song.
You know what?
Do me a favor and search up
Baa. Baa. Black Sheep.
My mom used to sing that to me
when I was a kid.
And found something.
Why am I not surprised?
Okay. so people have heard
a hidden message here too.
So let's test this out
ourselves.
see if we can hear it.
I'm downloading
the song right now.
and I'm gonna
play it in reverse.
Ready?
Come on. You're telling me
you didn't hear that?
Not at all.
All right. Well...
Look. I found an article
on this song.
Baa. Baa. Black Sheep.
Okay. Spill it.
So it's apparently
about a sheep farmer
whose sheep
all turned out black.
but black wool
was useless at the time
because it couldn't be
dyed other colors.
So this farmer had
nothing to sell come winter.
and him and his family
starved to death.
until the villagers
found his sheep
eating their bodies.
So all children's songs
are about children dying.
and fucked up things
happening to kids?
Not even that.
I think it's about kids
suffering for the things
adults do.
But what's the point
of it all?
Maybe to warn kids that
adults do messed up things
and. uh. they should
beware of them.
They're cautionary tales.
right?
I don't know.
Okay. agree to disagree there.
Let's listen to the next one.
All right?
File number three.
Mike?
Do you... Do you hear that?
Did you leave
the water on?
His name is Mike!
Uh. Evy.
"Mike kill all."
Um... Yeah.
can we take a break?
What? Yeah. sure.
I mean... yeah. no.
What time is it?
Should we call it a night?
Um. continue tomorrow?
-Are you good?
-Yeah. yeah. yeah. I'm fine.
Oh. wait. Actually.
I can't do tomorrow.
Uh. what about Tuesday?
Yeah. Yeah. that works.
Um. I'm sorry. can you. uh...
Can you send me the
Baa. Baa. Black Sheep song?
Sure. yeah. You really
didn't hear anything?
No. no. I didn't.
Weird. All right.
I'm gonna email it to you.
You should try
slowing it down.
and you'll hear it. I'm sure.
Yeah. okay. We'll see.
-Okay. Night. Justin.
-Good night.
Hi. Mama.
Good night. Mama.
Hi. Evy. It's your mama.
Just calling to say hi.
I'm wondering if you're
coming to mass tomorrow.
I haven't seen you in a while.
Anyway. um. I'm just
calling you to remind you
you're mama's little girl.
I'm praying for you.
Um...
Okay. Talk soon.
Hi. this is
Evangeline Babic.
I'd like...
No. No. she's fine.
Um. thanks for asking.
No. I'd like to. um.
make an appointment
for myself. actually.
Pregnancy test.
Yeah.
Yeah. I can come in
tomorrow morning.
Thank you.
Has she eaten
or drank anything today?
Yeah.
I mean. no.
Um. no. she...
she hasn't eaten
for a few days now.
So as I explained before.
she was at a 50 for a month.
then at a 40 for weeks.
then at a 30 for days.
She's at a 20 now.
That's typically a sign that
it should be any day now.
Um...
So how will I know...
when it's time?
You will hear
a rattling in her breath.
Death rattle?
Yes.
I don't like to call it that.
but...
that's the term.
Can she hear me?
In this state?
No one can know for sure.
Because there's no way
to ask them.
But...
I like to believe they can.
- Hey.
Babe. uh... uh. yeah.
I'm having a party
at our place.
and I really think
you should be there.
Why?
You've been stuck
in that house for weeks.
Your mom's not going anywhere.
She'll be fine.
She... She's just gonna
sleep all night.
That's not it.
I'm just trying
to do something for you.
and I don't really know
where we're at right now.
-but...
-All right.
Oh. Oh. okay. Great.
-Can you be here at 8:30?
-Sure.
Okay. Awesome.
Well. don't worry
about anything.
I've got everything covered.
Mm-hmm.
Okay. Great.
Well. I'll see you soon.
-I love you.
-Okay.
Bye.
Yes.
Well. tell them
they can wait for me.
I waited for them.
I don't give a shit.
I'm a 40-minute drive away.
Fuck.
I'll call you back.
God!
Mama.
I'm going out for a few hours.
I won't be long. okay?
Jesus.
I'll be back. Mama.
Real quick.
Mama?
Mama.
Come on.
You scared me.
Sorry. Mama.
Hello?
Oh. Evangeline.
it's Doctor Ram.
Um. sorry for the hour.
I was gonna leave a voicemail.
Uh. no. it's okay. I'm up.
Well. the results are in.
They've come back positive.
You're about six weeks.
I... I see.
I can refer you
to an OBGYN if you like.
No. um... I'd like to...
I'd like some time
to think about my options.
Sure.
Yes. I understand.
Take your time.
Call the office
whenever you're ready.
Thank you.
Mama?
Hi. Evy. It's your mama.
Just calling to say hi.
I'm wondering if you're coming
to mass tomorrow.
I haven't seen you in a while.
Anyway. um. I'm just
calling you to remind you
you're mama's little girl.
I'm praying for you.
Um...
Okay. Talk soon.
I'm praying for you.
I'm pray...
- Hello?
-Hey.
Uh. how's your mom?
Same.
I'm so sorry. Evy.
It's okay.
Is it?
I don't know. I'm not. um...
not really sleeping. so...
You're not drinking again.
are you?
No.
Evy.
I'm not.
Okay. good.
Good. 'cause...
I don't want you
going backwards. you know?
-Yeah. Well. I'm not. so...
-Okay.
Um. what are your plans after?
Are you back to Darren's?
Thinking of getting
my own place. actually.
-Oh. really?
-Yeah.
What about the house?
Can we just start?
-Let's start.
-Sure. Yeah. we can start.
Okay. let's do it.
So. where did we leave off.
the third recording?
Yes. and we heard the sink
filling up with water.
Right. Yeah.
How did it end?
Um. Mike cut it short.
the boyfriend.
What do you think
happened there?
Let's just... Let's save that
for the episode.
All right.
all right. all right.
Well. I'm recording on my end.
Record.
Jesus. The faucet turned on
by itself.
It's just an old house
with plumbing issues.
Could be. But let's keep
an open mind. Evy.
if that is possible for you.
Hey. I am open-minded.
I'm open to logic.
I'm open to reason.
Okay. Easy. easy. All right.
Let's play the next file.
maybe. uh. get some answers?
File number four.
Four of ten.
-Let's do it.
-Here we go.
Listen.
Do you hear something?
What are you doing?
I like it here in the dark.
Put that back
in the baby room.
Why?
I know something you don't.
- Oh!
- What?
I just... I don't know
how you could sleep
with that thing.
It's a Baby
Sleep-time doll.
We all had one growing up.
Put it back.
No. She's sleeping
with us tonight.
No. Fuck that. I...
Listen. if she's in here.
I'm gonna throw her out
when you're not looking.
Is everyone else asleep?
Okay. Okay.
Let's go to sleep.
Okay.
can you pass that bag?
This plastic bag?
- No...
- Hold on. Pause it.
Hmm? What's that?
I just emailed you something.
Oh. okay.
Play it.
Oh. my God. What?
That's the doll?
I like it here
in the dark.
I know. right?
-Oh. my God.
-What kind of demented child
wants to sleep with that thing
in their bed?
Yeah. I am shaking my head
right now.
Anyway. they mentioned
a baby room.
But there's no baby.
Yeah. I'm guessing
they're expecting.
And. uh... I mean.
you think the baby's room
is where Jessa sleepwalks to?
That's my guess.
Yeah. Hmm.
Let's keep listening.
It keeps moisture out
so Baby Sleep-time
stays nice and new.
Isn't that right.
Baby Sleep-time?
Mm-hmm.
Hmm.
Good night. baba.
Skipping to the bump.
Mike.
Do you hear that?
What is that?
That's the end
of the file.
He stops it there.
-That explains it.
-That explains what?
The banging.
The water running?
It's faulty plumbing.
It's an old house.
There's probably a blockage
in the pipes or something.
Hold on. Hold on. Just before
the banging. you...
did you hear something?
'Cause I heard something.
-What?
-It... It was pretty faint.
It's like a voice.
I didn't hear anything.
Let me play it back louder.
Yeah. there.
Did you... Did you hear that?
I did.
-What was that?
-I don't know.
I'm gonna play it louder.
Oh. my... You...
You heard that. right?
Tell me you heard that.
- Yes.
- Good.
What's it saying?
Yeah. I can't really
make it out.
I mean. it could be
an artifact.
an overlap
of a previous recording.
Hmm.
I don't know.
I wonder if they noticed it
when they played it back.
Play the next one.
Let's find out.
Right. Okay. Here we go.
Jessa?
Uozyba-ni-emoc.
- Jessa?
- Uozyba-ni-emoc!
Jessa?
- Jessa. what's wrong?
Uozyba-ni-emoc!
Jessa.
- Jessa! Jessa!
- Uozyba...
Babe. are you all right?
Why are you
looking at me like that?
What is happening?
Evy?
-Um...
-Hello?
I... I think
I need sleep.
I'm getting kinda loopy.
Oh. yeah.
What time is it there?
Oh. shoot.
I gotta go to work anyway.
Yeah. let's. uh... let's
record in a couple of days
like last time?
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. sounds good.
-Are you good?
-Mm-hmm.
What? What are you thinking?
Um... the artifact.
I'm gonna try
and figure it out.
Okay. Um...
Yeah. all right.
Well. uh. rest up.
-Night. Justin.
-Yeah. Night. Evy.
Good night. Mama.
Drink. Mama.
Uozyba-ni-emoc.
Come in. Abyzou.
Jessa?
Uozyba-ni-emoc.
Uozyba-ni-emoc!
- Jessa?
- Uozyba-ni-emoc!
- Jessa. what's wrong?
Uozyba-ni-emoc!
- Jessa. Jessa! Jessa!
- Uozyba...
Why are you
looking at me like that?
Did you hear it?
No.
Are you serious?
It says...
"Come in. Abyzou" in reverse.
-Abyzou?
-The taker of children.
Excuse me?
I looked up the name "Abyzou."
It's the name of a demon
from Middle Eastern
and European folklore.
She even appears
in Christian text
from the first century AD
in The Testament of Solomon.
Abyzou suffered
from infertility.
making her envious of women
who could bear children.
She would sneak into
the homes of mothers
and kill their newborn babies.
strangling them to death.
King Solomon had her hung
in front
of the Temple of Jerusalem
as punishment.
But her envy survived
into the afterlife.
twisting her into a demon
who wandered the world
and caused miscarriages
and stillborn babies.
The most recent thing
I could find on Abyzou
came from
the locals of Siquijor
who believe
that Abyzou entered a statue
of Saint Rita of Cascia.
the patron saint
of cursed mothers.
Locals claimed that a woman
who worshiped the statue
killed her husband
for cheating.
and then killed their baby.
and placed the baby's skull
with an inverted crucifix
in the statue's hands
where they still are today.
-According to tourists...
-Okay. okay. That's enough.
Let's just play the next one.
Are you okay. Evy?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Just play it.
- You sure?
- Yes.
This is good stuff.
Let's get back into character.
"Come in. Abyzou."
I heard it.
All of you listening heard it.
Now let's get some answers.
Playing the sixth file now.
Um...
I just woke up
and Jessa's still sleeping.
Good morning.
How'd you sleep?
Slept like a baby.
Did you dream anything?
Nope.
Why?
You woke up
from a nightmare.
I don't remember.
You were yelling
in your sleep.
Really?
What... What was I saying?
I don't know. Nonsense.
Nonsense?
Yeah. I...
I have it all recorded.
Let me hear it.
That's it.
Wow. So she doesn't remember
anything at all.
Interesting.
Speaking in reverse.
not remembering it.
that's eerily
consistent with--
Before you say it.
let me guess.
Demonic possession.
Okay. It's not a joke. Evy.
There are church documented
cases of possessions
dating back centuries.
Not just in
Roman Catholic doctrines.
-but in Islam. Judaism...
-Yeah... Yeah. of course.
They were documented
centuries ago.
This is before people knew
about mental illnesses
like psychosis. schizophrenia.
So you think psychosis
can cause someone
to speak in reverse?
-Unconsciously. yeah.
-Okay. that's a stretch.
Something she read before
stuck in her subconscious.
-Wait. Oh. my God. What?
-What?
Okay. I'm just looking
at this waveform on the file.
When she's saying it. there's.
like. a parallel pattern.
What are you talking about?
There's like two
different voices overlapping
- when she's saying it.
- Oh. come on.
No. it's right in front of me.
graphically. I can see it.
Well. I'm no engineer.
and neither are you.
Okay. well. let's just
keep listening
and get some answers.
Playing the file now.
Okay. so it's 9:02 p.m.
Mike. did you see
my bags for my dolls?
No. Why?
Baby is out of her bag.
I don't know where the bag is.
She'll survive one night.
Good night. baba.
Good night. ba.
Okay. I'm skipping
to the bump.
Jessa?
What the fuck?
Jessa!
Jessa? What? What is it?
In the sink.
What is it?
There's nothing in here.
There was a baby.
What?
A baby crying?
The neighbor's baby.
All right. I promised myself
I wasn't gonna email this guy.
You're replying to the email?
Yeah. I just did.
What'd you say?
Uh. I just asked.
"Who are you?"
-And. um...
-What happened?
-Oh. no. it...
It just bounced back.
"Mail delivery subsystem.
Address not found."
Deleted his account. I guess.
Wait. hold on a sec.
-What?
-The... The e-mail address.
the random letters.
they're. um...
It's actually...
It's "come in. Abyzou"
spelled backwards.
Clever.
Snap out of it. Justin.
There's just three files left.
Play the next one.
-Come on. let's hear it.
-Jesus. Yeah.
We're almost at the end.
Okay.
-Okay.
-Yeah. Okay. All right. Um...
This
is audio file number eight.
Mike?
Stay here.
Mike. Mike.
No. don't leave me here.
- ♪ Baa. baa. black sheep
- Have you any wool? ♪
♪ Yes. sir. yes. sir.
three bags full ♪
♪ One for my master.
one for the dame ♪
♪ One for the little boy
who lives down the lane ♪
♪ Baa. baa. black sheep
Have you any wool? ♪
♪ Yes. sir. yes. sir.
three bags full ♪
♪ Baa. baa. black sheep
Have you any wool? ♪
♪ Yes. sir. yes. sir.
three bags full ♪
♪ One for my master
and one for my dame ♪
♪ One for the little boy
who-- ♪
Fuck.
Where the fuck
is that coming from?
Jessa!
Jessa! Jessa!
Hey. hey. hey.
I saw her!
Who? Who?
- Evy?
- I saw...
Evy?
Baa. Baa. Black Sheep?
It was a coincidence.
Evy. it was the same version.
Coincidences happen. I mean...
they're rare.
but that's why
we get so surprised
when they happen.
I just feel...
This feels different to me.
Hold on.
What?
I'm searching
"come in. Abyzou"
spelled backwards.
Why?
Justin?
Yeah. I'm still here.
-Jesus.
-What?
There's a study...
a psychologist treated
two separate patients
who were fixated on
"come in. Abyzou"
spelled backwards.
One spent days texting it
to random numbers
before drowning
her nine-month-old daughter
in the kitchen sink.
What the...
The other
was a ceramic artist.
She was admitted
to the hospital
after making hundreds
of figurines of dead children.
giving them away
to young women
around her neighborhood
before committing suicide
in the hospital.
She was five months pregnant.
You there?
Yeah.
What do we do? I... I think
we should stop listening.
Just trash this episode.
-What?
-Skip this week.
Why would we trash it?
We're onto something good.
I just feel like
we're playing with fire or...
We have to keep listening.
No. people are gonna
eat this shit up.
It's really good.
We just. um...
stop it here.
make this episode two parts.
publish on Friday.
record part two next week.
Okay.
Okay. yeah.
Let's record the outro.
Okay.
Ready?
Yeah. Let's. uh.
get back into character.
Join us next week
where we continue listening
to the last two audio files.
Jessa speaking backwards
in her sleep.
faucets turning on
by themselves.
loud banging. baby crying.
Can all of this be explained
or is there something more
sinister underneath it all?
You'd love that.
wouldn't you?
So join us next Friday.
A conclusion to the mystery...
Or just more questions.
Uh. no.
Every story has an ending.
This is it. I feel it.
It ends next episode.
Uh. if anyone
out there listening
has any idea what's going on
or might have some idea
who Mike and Jessa might be.
please call us
during our live recording
this Monday from 2:30 a.m.
to 3:30 a.m. Eastern Time.
Until then. this is Justin.
And this is Evy.
And remember.
don't be afraid of the dark.
Be afraid of the silence.
Mama.
Can you hear me?
Your little girl's pregnant.
I wanted to name her Mary.
Remember how you used
to pray those Hail Marys
for me every night?
Mama...
Only...
I don't think
I'm fit to be a mama. Mama.
Welcome to
this guided sleep meditation.
I'd like you to imagine
that you're standing
at the edge of a quiet lake.
The moonlight
glitters on its surface.
Barefoot. you step
into the shallow water.
The water
feels warm on your skin.
Looking down.
you see something
floating up
from the water's depths.
A little tiny thing.
bloated and pale.
rising to the surface.
What is it?
The bobbling twirl
and the stain.
Whirling toddlers
down the spin.
Tickle there. girl.
Wretched wheezing.
The choking children.
Dancing penance.
Weeping here.
Bleeding whore.
Wobble out.
Cupboard the muck.
A gentle breeze
pushes more ripples
across the still water.
And rustles the leaves
around you.
So peaceful.
So...
Holy Mary.
Mother of God...
pray for us sinners.
now and at the hour
of our death.
Amen.
Holy Mary. Mother of God.
pray for us sinners.
now and at the hour
of our death.
Amen.
Pray for us sinners.
now and at the hour
of our death.
Amen.
Mama?
What did you say?
Mama. I know
you said something.
I know you were talking.
Mama. answer me.
Why won't you answer me?
I'm sorry. Mama.
I'm sorry.
Hi. this is
Evangeline Babic calling.
Um. if you can
give me a call back. please?
I was hoping to get a referral
to the women's clinic.
if you can.
Um...
Thank you.
Please give me a call back.
Welcome
to another episode
of The Undertone podcast.
I'm your host. Evy Babic.
and I'm joined by my co-host.
Justin Manuel.
New episodes every Friday.
anywhere
you get your podcasts.
And if you
missed our last episode.
you should really go back
and have a listen.
All right. so we have heard
eight out of ten of these
mysterious audio recordings
from an anonymous email.
There's only two left.
and before we dive in.
I just wanna give a heads-up.
Since we started this journey.
we've heard some
deeply unsettling stuff.
There have been voices.
babies crying.
even what sounds like
a real demonic possession.
All of it leading
back to one name...
Abyzou.
So if you're still listening.
maybe think twice.
because there might not be
any turning back
after this week's episode.
What?
No turning back?
Yeah. I mean.
that last recording...
-Justin. please.
-... we heard.
-what the hell was that?
-Are you serious?
Uh...
Were we not listening
to the same thing?
Uh. yeah. we were.
There was obviously
only one explanation.
Which is?
It was a hoax.
What?
"A hoax"?
-They're attention seekers.
- Huh. yeah.
They obviously staged
the whole thing
and then sent it to us.
They probably
changed their names.
There's no way
this is fake.
No way. No way.
Whatever.
Last episode.
I invited listeners
to call us
with any information
they might have
on Mike and Jessa.
So some calls might be coming
in live during this recording.
Are you ready. Evy?
I've been ready all week.
Same.
So. file number nine.
After this.
there's only one file left.
Here we go.
I don't feel good.
What's wrong?
I remember last night...
I woke up. I couldn't move.
You weren't beside me.
it was someone else.
A shadow.
And so I prayed...
Hail Mary.
But then the shadow...
The shadow
started praying too.
It was mine.
Okay. Okay.
Sorry about that.
folks.
That... That wasn't
a playback error.
The. uh.
audio file is corrupted.
so it just ends there.
That was short.
Wait. what's...
what is going on?
What?
The time on my laptop.
it's showing 20 to 3:00.
but it should be 20 to 9:00.
A glitch in the matrix?
Oh. we got our first caller.
ladies and gents.
Um. oh. the caller's
from your area code. Evy.
Hello. this is
The Undertone podcast.
You're being recorded live.
Hello? Hello?
Oh. Yeah. Hey.
- Is this The Undertone?
- Yes.
Uh. where are you
calling from?
Oh. I'm calling
from Westerland.
Ooh.
Do you know an Evy?
Yeah. Justin. everyone from
Westerland knows each other.
So what
do you got for us. caller?
Mike and Jessa.
They were my neighbors.
They lived just down
the street from me.
You... You know them?
Not well.
But I recognize their voices
and their names.
and it makes sense now
what happened to them.
"What happened
to them"?
They died.
The police found them
at the bottom of the stairs
with plastic bags
on their heads.
Had dead babies
drawn all over the walls.
And you're...
And you're sure
this is the same
Mike and Jessa
- we're talking about?
- Yeah. It's them.
Jessa. she was
five months pregnant.
Hey. what street
did you live on?
Wait. hello?
- Hello?
- You're cutting out.
Wait. wait. wait. Hello?
They died.
That's awful.
Hi. Sorry. You cut out.
You were... You were saying?
- What?
- Oh. nothing.
This is
Undertone. right?
Uh. yes. Yes.
Where are you calling from?
San Diego.
Okay. And do you have
any information
about Mike and Jessa?
No. not them.
but a lady...
crazy lady that used
to rent our basement.
Okay. Go on.
She would play music
every night. in reverse.
- In... In reverse?
- Yes.
Really?
What... What song?
I don't know.
Sounded like kids
singing backwards.
And what. uh...
what happened to the...
to the lady?
She was arrested.
Last I heard.
she was in prison.
It was fucked up.
Arrested for...
for what?
Killing her baby.
We all heard this loud. hollow
banging coming from the vents
over and over.
And my dad.
he went down to check.
and the lady.
she was swinging a garbage bag
against the furnace.
My daddy stopped her.
and he looked inside the bag.
and then at the bottom.
it was her baby.
That's awful.
What... What was...
What was the woman's name?
I don't remember.
I was just a kid
when it happened.
It's messed up. I'm sorry.
I hope it helps.
No. No. this is. um...
this is good info. Yeah.
No. definitely. Thank you.
Will I be
in the next episode?
Absolutely.
- Yeah. Thanks for calling.
- Thank you. man.
Um...
What are you laughing at?
You believe that?
Yeah. Why... Why wouldn't I?
People love hearing the sound
of their own voice.
especially on a podcast.
-Okay. but the email...
-What about the email?
I don't know. What if it...
What if tenet...
-means...
-What?
Ten... The tenth file.
I don't know...
What if it was a warning?
Well. then let's play it.
There's only one way
to find out.
I don't... I don't want to.
Justin. it's too late.
Play it.
All right. Okay. Yeah.
You know what?
I'm just gonna...
I'm gonna click play
before I change my mind.
Good.
File number ten.
Here we go.
- She's listening.
- Hmm?
Baba?
She's listening.
Jessa.
you're burning up.
- She's listening.
- Hey.
Hey. get up. I'm gonna have
to take you to a hospital.
No.
No. I need to warn her.
What...
What are you saying?
She's listening.
- Jessa. we have to go...
- I have to warn her!
No. Jessa. wait.
Jessa.
where are you going?
Jessa!
Jessa?
Look and
lick all the blood off now.
Wait. there should be more.
Did you touch something?
No. No. no. no.
It... It stopped.
It stopped by itself.
I'm pressing play.
It won't play.
We should stop listening.
Justin!
I didn't touch
anything. I didn't.
Jessa?
Jessa!
Jessa. Jessa.
Jessa.
- ♪ Baa. baa. black sheep
- Have you any wool? ♪
♪ Yes. sir... ♪
Something's wrong.
Justin. I'm so cold.
Where the fuck
is that coming from?
She said my name.
She said Justin.
It was you.
No. Evy. no. What?
You're behind this.
aren't you?
I wouldn't do that.
Evy...
Is this funny to you?
Wait. Hello?
I'd like
to speak with Mary.
There's no Mary here. I--
I'd like
to speak with Mary.
I...
I'd like
to speak with Mary.
Who is this?
I'd like
to speak with Mary.
Who is this?
I'd like
to speak with Mary.
- I'd like to speak with Mary.
- Evy...
I'd like
to speak with Mary.
I'd like to speak with Mary.
-I'd like to speak with Mary.
-Justin. hang up.
I'd like
to speak with Mary.
Oh. no. I feel...
The Undertone?
Yes.
You shouldn't have
called out to her.
Who? Who?
Abyzou.
She waits in the tenth file.
at the witching hour.
You shouldn't have
listened to all of them.
Listened...
Listened to...
What were you thinking?
Wait.
Wait. Wait.
She-- to-- lick
all the blood off her fingers.
She's gone. She's gone.
Evy...
Hello... Hello?
I don't know
what to do.
Okay...
- I'm no good.
- What...
I don't know
what I'm doing.
What are you...
What are you doing?
- Can you help me?
- Yeah...
Okay. Evy... Evy. I don't...
He won't stop crying.
My poor baby.
Who...
Who am I speaking with?
Abby.
Can you help me?
Of course we can...
we can help you.
Right? Right. Evy?
How do I stop him
from crying?
- Abby...
- Don't worry. baby.
Where are you
calling us from?
I'll make it stop.
What are you doing.
Abby?
It'll all be better
soon. my little one.
- Abby. stop!
- Abby... Abby.
- She's safe now.
- Abby. call...
Everything's
gonna be okay.
Call 911 right now.
Abby. hang up
and call 911 right now.
No. no. no.
Abby. we can help you.
- Evy!
- What's your address?
Can you tell me your address?
I'm no good.
I'm saving her...
Abby?
I'm no good.
You are good. Abby.
You're good.
Do you hear me?
Abby...
Talk to me.
I killed my mother.
My mommy.
What?
When I was young.
she used to...
pray by my bedside
every night.
Every single night.
And when she got really sick.
she asked me to pray with her
every single night.
And I said I couldn't
because I was too busy.
Tired.
But it wasn't true.
She stopped eating
and she stopped talking.
It was too late.
I killed my mother.
You are good. Abby.
You're good.
How do you know?
Because I believe it.
I believe it. Abby.
Abby?
It's too late.
Oh. my fucking God!
Trace the call. Justin!
Oh. my God!
Where's my phone? Where's...
I don't... I...
Jesus Christ!
Evy. I... Hello?
Evy. can you hear me?
Evy? Hello?
Wait. Evy. I can't... I...
I can't hear you.
I can't... Hello?
Hello?
Evy. where are you?
Oh. my God!
Evy!
I wanna listen
to Baa. Baa. Black Sheep.
Get out of the house.
- I killed my mother.
- Get out of the house.
I'd like
to speak with Mary.
- Get out of the house.
- I killed my mother.
I'd like
to speak with Mary.
I killed my mother.
I'm praying for you.
My mommy.
It was mocking me.
Listen...
Do you hear something?
Your little girl
is pregnant.
I wanted to name her Mary.
Remember how you used
to pray those Hail Marys
for me every night?
Only I don't think
I'm fit to be a mama...
Justin!
Evy. Evy!
I'm here. I'm here.
What is this?
Uozyba-ni-emoc.
-Uozyba-ni-emoc.
-What the fuck is this?
I'm gonna help.
I'm gonna go...
I'm gonna go help.
No. no. no! Don't leave me!
I don't know
what to do. I can't help.
Uozyba-ni-emoc!
Mama!
No! No! No!
Justin!
Something's wrong. Justin.
I'm so cold.
Uozyba-ni-emoc.
Come in. Abyzou.